deserts have scale
and shape of epic proportions
on the surface everything appears still
but look closer and we see the changes
everywhere
the landscape always shifting
just as it does in our own lives
being mindful of change can help us to
navigate these transitions
we can become more comfortable in the
uncertainty that surrounds us
constant change is challenging
it asks us to remain flexible and
patient
to be open to be vulnerable
but the rewards for doing so are
considerable
a greater sense of freedom of peace
as we move through this world change
becomes our companion
encouraging us to pause and appreciate
the beauty and wonder of life
embracing change we return to the rhythm
of life
accepting change we discover
freedom of mind
[Music]
[Applause]
you